all right pop quiz airport gunman with
one hostage he's using her for cover
he's almost to a plane you're a hundred
feet away what do you think
shoot the hostage what go for the good
wound and he can't get to the plane with
her clear shot you're deeply nuts you
know all right gentlemen what we have
here are 13 passengers and an express
elevator bombs already taken out cables
bomber wants three million dollars or he
blows the emergency brakes anything else
that'll keep this elevator from falling
basement you can strike anywhere at any
time
well mr. guest please sign it
why are they messing with me do they
think I'm doing this for fun for LA cop
Jack travel tell me again Harry why did
I take this job thirty more years of
this you get a tiny pension on a cheap
gold watch cool
the game began
very exciting Jack some close calls huh
when someone put the city of Los Angeles
to the ultimate test
hotshot there's a bomb on the bus once
the bus goes 50 miles an hour the bomb
is armed if it drops below 50 it blows
up what do you do what do you do
[Music]
he's the only solution we just got a
ransom demand whatever says he's
ruthless city bus risk jack
where do you think get off
this is much better
[Music]
piano Reeves Dennis Hopper Sandra
Bullock pop quiz you have a Herod figure
aimed at your head what do you do what
do you do speed get ready for rush hour
[Music]